last year
thinking
you
part of this change
Paulo
the author
to take a shot
about the tap the brazilian championship
many streets of the river
for the third prison despite the year
is with direct action and obstacle
- I know the floor and the chorus that I do something
the show pretty hard of course but on the windows
this will change our associates with certainty
it is quite particular
I'm putting the 4 500 people counting the people
a snake in his pocket
before getting to know the negotiation process better, soares stressed that the state
quite heavy
as your state
the municipality is very heavy track
another work in Malawi
I ended up without clutch
do you agree
I will not continue
even before she was a little more light proof and dropped in front
but I administered the test
Talking about room
deic trapped
this is such a good test
I thought I could
recover more positions but
we did not cut head raise we've been going through 4th steps yet
we hire our own house with the cable
I